create this as public repo romwbw_disks.
Make a README based on the following
List it as under constriction
Projects in ../ cpmdroid ioscpm romwbw_emu z80cpmw
All used roms and disk images for romwbw.
We make up the rom, or at least part of it.
The rom images need to match the disk images
for the bios version.
All of them I *think* now get thier disk images
from ioscpm github release area.
But that is really wierd as ioscpm is downstream
from romwbw_emu.
Currently there is only one version string.
The problem is the version string really says
the interface spec to the cpmemu emulator
and its virtual devices.
Since we last pulled in RomWBW they have done a major
release to v3.6.0.  Under the current scheam there is
no way to allow selecting the RomWBW version.  Also
doing any sort of a release for new roms or disk images
means new release of all the clients with no real changes.
In this rewpo romwbw_disks, create a new public repo.
Under a version string for the interface to the clients above
lookup a list of rom versions.  For example, lets start the
emulator interface version at v0.  So all the above would pull in
a catalog.  In the first level of that would be RomWBW versions.
Initially it would have v3.5.1 (what we currently support)
and the new v3.6.0.
Under that would be a list of rom images and disk images.

In a client, say ios for exmple it would currently be built for v0
interface to our stuff.  It would fetch some file json? and get the list
of rom versions v3.5.1 v3.6.0 for the user to pick from.

After that the user could pick disks.
The disk file names should probably have the v0 and rom version in the file names?
to be clear about what works with what.
At this time no changes to the above clients. When everthing is ready here
and published we can start changing the clients.

I have no idea what needs to be changed to work with v3.6.0
In the past when the rom version didnt matech a disk bios
it would print a version mismatch.

THe w8.com and r8.com and bios sources should be in this project.
When we update the other client we can clean out any w8/r8/bios sources
Make a note to check if the other clients still need um80 and if they
still need to build any machine code
